Homemade queso + chips.
Popcorn. (Very popular answer and inspired me to buy popcorn kernels at the grocery the next time I went.)
Eggs on or with toast.
Omelet – very accommodating to whatever you might have in the fridge!
Grilled cheese and soup. Add bacon to up the delicious factor.
Cereal. (recommended…several bowls!)
One skillet meals like rice, chicken and veggies.
Pesto pasta.
Snack plate. Example: cheese, smashed avocado, hummus, crackers. (And don’t forget the wine.)
Empty the fridge salad.
Green smoothie.
Ice cream and go to bed.
Tuna melt.
Annie’s Mac…straight up or if you’re feeling ambitious add peas and tuna.
Avocado toast. (Might I recommend the most addictive avocado toast ever?)
Breakfast for dinner.
Frozen Indian food from Trader Joe’s. (Solid. Especially served over rice.)
Trader Joe’s Chicken Fried Rice with almond butter drizzled on top. (Interesting and not averse to trying this!)
Noodles with olive oil, salt and pepper. (Can swap butter for olive oil here, and maybe add cheese.)
Homemade Egg McMuffin or any kind of egg sandwich creation.
Nachos. (Going on my menu plan as fast ASA-freaking-P!)
Rice bowls with ground beef. Top with avocado and whatever random toppings that you can find in your fridge.
Scrambled eggs in a tortilla. (Maybe turn this into a breakfast burrito or scrambled egg and black bean quesadilla.)
ALL HAIL FROZEN PIZZA! If you’re really feeling fancy…add a side salad. Bonus points if you dip the pizza in ranch.
Frozen vegetable fried rice from Trader Joe’s with soy sauce and over easy eggs. (Trader Joe’s coming in strong here with the frozen convenience foods!)
A veggie burger patty. Optional to add some an egg. Serve with fruit.
Crusty bread and good cheese. Have some crudités on the side to help you feel like you’re eating some veggies.
Eggs poached in green chili. (Gonna need more details about this one please!)
Freezer black bean burger on English muffin with avocado and chipotle mayo.
Frozen chicken nuggets.
Pancakes.
Panini sandwich creation.
Chips, cheese, bell peppers + hummus and wine.
Yogurt + fruit parfait.
Next level scrambled eggs: scrambled eggs with cheese, greens and crispy chickpeas and topped with balsamic drizzle.
Thaw homemade soup.
Hummus and pita.
Apples with peanut butter and chocolate chips.
Alexia brand tater tos.
Quesadilla.
Oatmeal.
Grits bowl with toppings.
Melted cheese on toast with greens or sliced tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers on top.
Canned soup.
Chips and salsa.
Chicken fingers tossed in buffalo sauce on a salad with lots of ranch. (Mmmhmmm)
Pimento cheese sandwiches.
Grain bowls. (FOR LIFE!)
Frozen veggies thrown in a pan with fried eggs.
Frozen veggie noodles + whatever sauce or toppings you might have on hand.
Hard tacos or tostadas
Huevos rancheros
Stir fry
Burritos
Fajitas
Burgers or hotdogs
Quesadillas (plain cheese, steak, chicken, or pork)
Meatballs and rice
KFC bowls (mashed potatoes on the bottom, then corn and breaded chicken bites on top)
Sloppy Joes
Chicken and rice
Pulled BBQ chicken (sandwiches, put on a salad, etc.)
Pot roast (leftovers can be made into sandwiches)
Crockpot salsa chicken (makes into great burritos or salads!)
Ribs (grilled, baked, crockpot, etc)
French dip sandwiches (roast in crockpot + au jus sauce = French dip)
Homemade pizza
Twice-baked potatoes
Chicken pot pie (easier than you think!)
Homemade corn dogs
Shepherd's pie
Calzones
French bread pizza
Enchiladas
Egg rolls (homemade)
Stuffed green peppers from allrecipes.com
Chicken parmesan
Fried chicken (baked or fried)
Chicken cordon bleu (easier than you would think, and so impressive! Great for guests.)
Breaded chicken (can bread with Italian bread crumbs, graham crackers, saltines, potato chips)
Chicken nuggets (homemade…so easy!)
Chicken wings
Cheesy bacon chicken
Dijon chicken
Chicken fingers
Chicken and broccoli casserole
Orange chicken
Cilantro-lime chicken
Lemon chicken
Pork chops
Chimichangas
Meatloaf
Meatball subs
Stuffed pork chops
Beef & broccoli
Ham
Beef or pork tenderloin
Salmon
Salmon patties
Fish sticks (homemade or store-bought)
Fish ‘n chips
Crab cakes
Fish tacos
Smoked salmon bagel
Taco soup
Minestrone soup
Chicken noodle soup (homemade…serve with grilled cheese)
Creamy potato soup
White chicken chili
Clam chowder
Tomato bisque
Italian wedding soup
Chicken enchilada/tortilla soup
Cheeseburger soup
Corn chowder (various recipes, ham & corn chowder is good too)
Tortellini soup
French onion soup
Jambalaya
Homemade mac ‘n cheese (don't forget the delicious mac and cheese add-ins!)
Lasagna
Baked ziti
Fettuccine Alfredo (chicken or shrimp)
Rotini bake
Vegetable lasagna
Lasagna rolls (baked or in crockpot)
Bolognese sauce and pasta
Spinach-bacon mac ‘N cheese
Tomato-bacon pasta
Stuffed pasta shells
Manicotti
Spaghetti and meatballs (with homemade spaghetti sauce, of course!)
Pesto pasta
Eggplant parmesan
Tortellini
Stroganoff (chicken or beef)
Crockpot Alfredo lasagna
Sausage & pepper pasta
Pad Thai
Bowtie pasta & vegetables
Paninis (turkey leftovers are always a fan favorite!)
BBQ chicken salad
Grilled cheese sandwiches
Baked Italian sandwiches
BLT
Taco salad
Tostadas
Mexican chicken sandwiches
Dr Pepper pulled pork sandwiches
Cafe Rio pork salads or burritos (don't forget the delicious Cafe Rio rice!)
Club salad
Grilled chicken (season or marinade with whatever, and grill!)
Steak (grilled or broiled)
Kabobs
French toast (crunchy French toast, stuffed, Eggnog French toast, regular, or pumpkin French toast is always good!)
Waffles or crepes
Omelet or scrambled eggs
Breakfast burritos
Egg sandwiches
Egg muffin cups